THORNE VAUX LLP
14 Bedford Row, London WC1R 4EH

12 March 2026

Northwind Trading Limited
Attn: Ms Ada Okafor, General Counsel
7 Devonshire Square
London EC2M 4YH

Dear Ms Okafor

ENGAGEMENT: NORTHWIND TRADING LIMITED v CALDER SHIPPING AG
Our reference: NTL-2026-0114

We are pleased to confirm that Thorne Vaux LLP represents Northwind Trading Limited in
connection with the charterparty dispute with Calder Shipping AG. This letter sets out the
terms on which we will act.

1. SCOPE OF ENGAGEMENT

We will advise on and conduct proceedings arising from the alleged repudiatory breach of
the time charterparty dated 4 August 2025 in respect of the vessel MV Aurelia. Our
engagement covers pre-action correspondence, the arbitration reference under the LMAA
Terms 2021, and any consequential enforcement.

We do not advise on the tax treatment of any settlement sum. Should that become relevant we
will refer you to specialist tax counsel.

2. THE TEAM

Ms Perrine Duval, partner, has overall supervision of this matter. Mr Kavi Iyer, senior
associate, has day-to-day conduct. Ms Adaeze Mensah will assist on disclosure.

3. FEES

Our fees are charged by reference to time properly spent. Current hourly rates are:
partner GBP 650, senior associate GBP 420, associate GBP 310, paralegal GBP 165. Rates are
reviewed each January. We estimate fees of GBP 180,000 to the conclusion of the arbitration
hearing, excluding counsel's fees and disbursements. This is an estimate and not a cap.

4. CONFLICTS

We have carried out a conflict search. We act for Meridian Bulk Carriers SA in unrelated
financing work. Meridian is a minority shareholder in Calder Shipping AG. We do not
consider this to give rise to a conflict of interest, and we have put an information
barrier in place between the two teams. We will not act against Northwind in any matter.

5. GOVERNING LAW

This engagement is governed by the law of England and Wales.

Please confirm your acceptance by returning a signed copy of the enclosed duplicate.

Yours sincerely

Perrine Duval
Partner, Thorne Vaux LLP
For and on behalf of Thorne Vaux LLP
